Clarify deployment annotations for Istio (#12595)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/proxy_setup/_index.md

### Environment variables

> Environment variables for Istio sidecars can be set on a per-deployment basis using the `apm.datadoghq.com/env` annotation.  This is unique for deployments employing Istio sidecars and is set in addition to [the labels for unified service tagging](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging/?tab=kubernetes#configuration-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables for Istio sidecars can be set on a per-deployment basis using the `apm.datadoghq.com/env` annotation. This is unique for deployments employing Istio sidecars and is set in addition to the [labels for unified service tagging][11].
```

Use reference style links:
```
[11]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging/?tab=kubernetes#configuration-1
```
